docs: add entry for uploading new version to ppa (#1525)
canonical/ubuntu-advantage-client: RELEASES.md

 2. Update the debian/changelog file:
    * Create a new entry in the `debian/changelog` file:
      * You can do that by running ` dch --newversion <version-name>`
      * Remember to update the release from `UNRELEASED` to the most recently supported
        ubuntu release
    * Populate `debian/changelog` with the commits you have cherry-picked
      * You can do that by running `git log <first-cherry-pick-commit>..<last-cherry-pick-commit> | log2dch`
      * This will generate a list of commits that could be included in the changelog. If you don't
        have `log2dch`, you can get it from the [uss-tableflip](https://github.com/canonical/uss-tableflip)
      * You don't need to include all of the commits generated. Remember that the changelog should
        be read by the user to understand the new features/modifications in the package. If you
        think a commit will not add that much to the user experience, you can drop it from the
        changelog
      * To structure the changelog you can use the other entries as example. But we basically try
        keep this order: debian changes, new features/modifications, testing
 3. Start building the package:

>     * *WARNING* Build the package in a clean environment. The reason for that is because the package

Reviewer: Good note on this to avoid our previous mistakes.

      will contain everything that it is present in the folder. If you are storing credentials or

>       other sensible development information in your folder, they will be upload too when we send

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      other sensible development information in your folder, they will be uploaded too when we send
```

      the package to the ppa. A clean environment is the safest way to perform this.
    * Build the necessary artifacts that allow building the package
      * Guarantee that you have a gpg key in the system. You will use that gpg key to sign the
        package.

>       * We can achieve that by running the `build-package` command. This script is also found on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * We can achieve that by running the `build-package` command when your current working is the top of source tree. This script is also found on the
```

        [uss-tableflip](https://github.com/canonical/uss-tableflip) repo.

>       * This script will generate all the package artifacts in a folder named `out`. This will be a
>         top level folder than the one you are running `build-package` command.
>     * Verify if we can build the package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * This script will generate all the package artifacts in the parent directory as `../out`.
    * Verify if we can build the package:
```

Author: Much better :)
